Jewish people around the world are
marking the start of Passover the weekl
long Festival commemorates freedom and
is typically observed with a feast known
as a Seder to celebrate what Jews
believe was The Liberation from Biblical
slavery but this year celebrations are
muted overshadowed by Israel's war and
the captives still being held in Gaza
all we do is pray for them doing these
things also help them because we do it
for the people that cannot do it right
now we do all the all the shabat all the
festivities all all that we are doing we
do it for them we pray for them all the
days on this major Jewish holiday with a
focus on freedom many Israelis say that
their traditional seder will have an
empty chair at the table representing
those who were killed on October the 7th
and those who are still being held
captive in Gaza
such as those from kibuts bayi one of
the towns attacked by Hamas on October
the 7th these Israelis are holding a
Sader for their entire town in what's
become known as hostage Square in the
heart of Tel
Aviv we had 100 people murdered it's
Indescribable unbearable and we are
holding on to the hope that our hostages
will return and it doesn't fall off the
agenda and that all the Jewish Israelis
all the people around the world
understand that there are people who
Freedom was taken away prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is still adamant that
military and political pressure are the
only ways the captives will be brought
back on this Passover sanite our
hostages in Ham's captivity stand before
us their suffering and the suffering of
their families breaks our hearts and
only strengthens our determination to
return them we don't let up even for a
moment from the sacred task of bringing
them home
[Music]
in a protest outside netanyahu's house
demonstrators set fire to a symbolic
seder table it's the latest event in a
series of protests calling for their
loved ones release but nearly 200 days
into the war many Israelis say the
government's promises are empty ham Sal
Al jaaz Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer